- [Instructor] Because errors are pretty common
in any app development, we should spend a little
time talking about some common errors that
you will encounter while working on your
server side WebSocket code.
In our lesson about configuring the message
broker component, I promise to come back later
and explain why you'd want to specify with
SockJS as part of registering your endpoints.
It will help to first know what SockJS is though.
SockJS is a cross-browser JavaScript library.
We're gonna be using the SockJS library to get
us the use of a WebSocket like object
in our JavaScript code.
One of the big benefits to using this library
is it's cross-browser implementation.
Meaning, it provides for the polling style
communications in the event that a users
browser does not support the WebSocket protocol.
It's helpful to let our server side code know
to anticipate and also support the fallback plan.
There's also some other common error
handling you should be aware of.
So let's turn our attention to that now
for our next exercise.
So to begin this exercise, we're gonna
start in the controller package.
I'm gonna open up the chat controller class.
Next, gonna double click on the editor tab
to maximize our editor window.
And now I'm gonna show you how to start simply
with adding some error handling to your controllers.
First thing I'm gonna do, is create a method
that's gonna send a chat out, message object
whenever an exception happens and
I'm just gonna call this method handle exception.
And in terms of the method argument I'm
just gonna use throwable.
Just to get us started with some pretty
generic exception handling here.
The next thing I want to do
is just create a chat out message object,
and call it my error.
And, I'm just gonna create a simple error
message, an error happened.
I'm sure once we make this app more
bullet proof you'll do something more
useful with that error.
The last thing I wanna do is return
my variable name here, my error.
So, I've gotten you started with
some simple error handling.
I created chat out message object,
I added a stream with an error message.
Now the last thing to do, like in most spring components,
we have to add some annotations here.
In particular, we need to add a message
exception handle annotation.
That way, this is gonna map this controllers
method handle exception
to handle, to return, to the message queue
the error message that we just created.
And, we also have to set up which queue
we want that message to go to.
And, I'm gonna use an error queue,
that way all messages can go to a queue
that's just for that.
And the last thing I need to do is
make the compiler happy by importing the message
exception handler.
I'm gonna use my keyboard short cut
of command, shift, o for me.
If you're on a PC that might be
control, shift, o.
That's gonna organize all of my imports.
And now the compiler is happy again.
Later, once we get to working on the GUI,
we're gonna look at how to trigger that
handle exception behavior.
So for our review, I added a simple exception
handling method that just sends back
a single line message of what the exception was.
Obviously, you'll want to mature that approach
and do some more bullet proof exception handling.
But that method right there is enough
to get you started.
We also showed why it's important to configure
your message brokers for the SockJS fallback plan.
That way in the event that a user is using
a browser that does not support WebSockets,
it'll fall back to more of the
polling style communications.